he guessed on the boat here today I am
bringing you a tutorial on how to setup
your own Pocket Edition realm server
note this tutorial is meant only for
people who have their own servers in
Pocket Edition if you don't have a
server don't worry
eventually the realms team will put out
a handful more servers and you guys can
try getting them there also do not ask
to join my server as the whitelist is
currently full anyway to begin setting
up your realm server first you're going
to go to tap play on realms and you're
going to see your realms server list now
I have been added to a bunch of realm
servers these are all the servers I'm on
right now however basically what you're
gonna do is you're going to try finding
your own server in this realms list
right here's mine under craft - s1 I
named it Thunder graph because well my
channel Thunder bout 98 and s1 stands
for survival 1 however the name doesn't
have any meaning but the rest of the
server properties do so first in order
to set up your server you're going to
tap Edit and you're going to see this
little like toolbox thing I like the
wrench and blue what the hell happened
oh you're gonna see like a screwdriver
and like a wrench you're going to tap
that wrench thing and this is going to
be the server manager page and you're
going to see over on the top left corner
of the amount of server page there's the
server name that you can edit right now
there's a bug where you can't put any
spaces see if I do thunder craft and
back out will add like a plus sign and I
want that so I put the whole thing is
like 1
individual name under craft - s1 that's
the name of my server next you're going
to need to tap whether it's open or
closed closed means nobody can connect
to it obviously and open to all means
that anybody on the white list can be
actually added so open close next up is
the white list you see this list of
people over here this here is the actual
white list itself so I'm going to test
that with the white list and show you
guys kind of actually add people to the
server but you're gonna first want to do
is you're going to well I actually
remove somebody because the white list
is full so I could demonstrate this what
you're gonna do is you're gonna tap plus
sign then you're going to type in the
name of the player you need to know
their in-game name basically the name
that appears over the person's head when
you see them in a server if it's this
person's in-game name is DC Tiger so I'm
going to pin DC tiger and then done and
it should add easy Tiger right down at
the bottom with the white list so that
means that DC tiger has been added when
the server is open he can connect to it
as well as all these other people all
right
the last server properties I'm going to
show you guys is resetting the server
this is only to be used if you don't
like the server that had generated or if
your server has been grieved beyond
belief it is only meant for you to just
completely wipe anything that's been
done it will just redo everything in
server first to reset the server you're
going to tap reset on the top right
we're asking you if you want to reset
your realm on the top center you can
choose between creative or a survival
mode you can rename it whatever you want
even in this menu here you can also
change the seed so if I want to create
our like a random seed hit done and then
you tap reset realm it will generate the
world and the server will be completely
reset I don't want to reset the server
so I'm gonna back out of it like I just
did and this is the end of the tutorial
on how to actually set up the server and
you have people on Twitter are asking me
about it right now because I do have it
closed only for the means of this
tutorial but yep I'm gonna go over the
properties again you can change the
server name open or closed add or remove
people from the whitelist add them by
tapping the plus sign remove them by
tapping the X you can also reset the
server which I do not want to do right
now anyway this is the end of the
tutorial if you found it helpful leave
like in a favorite also subscribe to my
channel for more Pocket Edition content
I will be posting any news about Pocket
Edition realms or the general Pocket
Edition updates that is announced on
Twitter anyway thank you all for
watching this tutorial if you found
helpful leave a like and a favorite also
subscribe to my channel for my pocket
edition content and I'll see you next
video